.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Application to the 2020 Class 🎓
This Pull Request template helps you complete an application to the **Class of 2020**. Use the checklist below to verify you have followed the instructions correctly. 

## Checklist ✅

- [ ] I have read the instructions on the README file before submiting my application. 
- [ ] I made my submission by creating a file on the `_data` folder and followed the naming convention mentioned in the instructions (`<username>.yml`).
- [ ] I have used the YAML file template to add my information to the Year Book.
- [ ] I have completed the survey `https://airtable.com/shrmuHxu38ZariKJi`
- [ ] My application belongs to:
  - [ ] **Tier 1** 📖: I added myself to the Year Book.
  - [ ] **Tier 2** ✏️: I wrote a post on DEV about a project I built.
  - [ ] **Tier 3** ✨: I want my project to be highlighted in stream.
- [ ] I understand that a reviewer will merge my pull request after examining it or ask for changes in case needed.
- [ ] I understand I should not tag or add a reviewer to this Pull Request.

Commit message:

Fixes title and adds Google Calendar

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Application to the Class of 2020🎓
This Pull Request template helps you complete an application to the **Class of 2020**. Use the checklist below to verify you have followed the instructions correctly. 

## Checklist ✅

- [ ] I have read the instructions on the README file before submiting my application. 
- [ ] I made my submission by creating a file on the `_data` folder and followed the naming convention mentioned in the instructions (`<username>.yml`).
- [ ] I have used the YAML file template to add my information to the Year Book.
- [ ] I have completed the survey `https://airtable.com/shrmuHxu38ZariKJi`
- [ ] My application belongs to:
  - [ ] **Tier 1** 📖: I added myself to the Year Book.
  - [ ] **Tier 2** ✏️: I wrote a post on DEV about a project I built.
  - [ ] **Tier 3** ✨: I want my project to be highlighted in stream.
- [ ] I understand that a reviewer will merge my pull request after examining it or ask for changes in case needed.
- [ ] I understand I should not tag or add a reviewer to this Pull Request.
- [ ] I have [added the event](http://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&dates=20200615T160000Z%2F20200615T183000Z&text=%24%20git%20remote%20%3Cgraduation%3E%20%F0%9F%8E%93&location=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.twitch.tv%2Fgithubeducation&details=) to my Calendar.
