README.md, before:


![Graduation Mona](assets/card-min.png)

This repository contains the yearbook of the **$ git remote < graduation >** event. By issuing a pull request to this repository, you can request to be added to the Class of 2020. 

Join the event and receive GitHub swag in the comfort of your home!


## Privacy Notice 👀
Consider that all the information that you add to this repository will be publicly available.

- If you don't feel comfortable with displaying your full name, you can include a short name or nickname instead.
- If you don't want to add a profile picture to the yearbook, you can use an avatar or university crest instead. 

# Tiers 🏆

Tiers reward the effort graduates make for this celebration. By adding yourself to the Yearbook and writing a post on DEV, you will get access to extra benefits. Make sure you submit your pull request before midnight Friday, May 22nd PDT.


- **Tier 1** ✉: Add yourself to the Yearbook by submitting a pull request to this repository and filling the swag shipping form. 

- **Tier 2** 🛍: Follow the steps on Tier 1 and write a post on DEV about a project you've built while being a student. You can use this [template](https://dev.to/new/octograd2020) to get started!
- **Tier 3** 🏅: The best project posts on DEV will be highlighted live on stream during the graduation.

_Notice: We have a limited number of swag packages._

# How to join the Class of 2020

Replace `<YOUR-USERNAME>` with your GitHub username in this guide.

## 1. Create the folder _data/YOUR-USERNAME/ 
Fork this repository, create a new folder inside the `_data` folder, and name it with your username. It should look something like this `_data/<YOUR-USERNAME>/`. Ex.


```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/
```

## 2. Add your profile picture to the folder
Enter the folder you just created and add a profile picture of your choice. Accepted files are **png** and **jpg**, should be squared and minimum size 544x544 pixels. Be aware, this picture will be displayed on the yearbook! Ex.


```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/mona.png
```

## 3. Add your profile information
Create a markdown file in your folder following the convention `<YOUR-USERNAME>.md`. Ex.

```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/MonaTheOctocat.md
```
Use the next template to add your information to the yearbook:
```
---
name: Mona The Octocat # No longer than 18 characters
institution: Octocat University 🚩 # no longer than 58 characters
profile_pic: mona.png # Relative path to the image you uploaded
quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed" # no longer than 64 characters
github_user: MonaTheOctocat
---
```

_Do not insert special characters in the template above._

## 4. Form & Pull Request

Fill a [swag shipment form](https://airtable.com/shrmuHxu38ZariKJi) and submit your Pull Request. 

Go through the checklist on the pull request template to guarantee your submission is valid. The GitHub Education team will review your application, approve and merge your submission if everything is correct. Otherwise, you will get notified of the changes requested on the pull request comment section. 

# Graduation Day 🎓
Don't forget to watch the livestream! 

- 📆 Monday, June 15th 2020
- ⏰ 9:00 PDT | 21:30 IST
- 📍 GitHub Education Twitch Channel
- 📎 Add the [event](http://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&dates=20200615T160000Z%2F20200615T183000Z&text=%24%20git%20remote%20%3Cgraduation%3E%20%F0%9F%8E%93&location=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.twitch.tv%2Fgithubeducation&details=) to your calendar.

Commit message:

Adds build your octocat as avatar

README.md, after:


![Graduation Mona](assets/card-min.png)

This repository contains the yearbook of the **$ git remote < graduation >** event. By issuing a pull request to this repository, you can request to be added to the Class of 2020. 

Join the event and receive GitHub swag in the comfort of your home!


## Privacy Notice 👀
Consider that all the information that you add to this repository will be publicly available.

- If you don't feel comfortable with displaying your full name, you can include a short name or nickname instead.
- If you don't want to add a profile picture to the yearbook, you can use your university crest, or [build an octocat](https://myoctocat.com/build-your-octocat/) and use it as an avatar instead. 


# Tiers 🏆

Tiers reward the effort graduates make for this celebration. By adding yourself to the Yearbook and writing a post on DEV, you will get access to extra benefits. Make sure you submit your pull request before midnight Friday, May 22nd PDT.


- **Tier 1** ✉: Add yourself to the Yearbook by submitting a pull request to this repository and filling the swag shipping form. 

- **Tier 2** 🛍: Follow the steps on Tier 1 and write a post on DEV about a project you've built while being a student. You can use this [template](https://dev.to/new/octograd2020) to get started!
- **Tier 3** 🏅: The best project posts on DEV will be highlighted live on stream during the graduation.

_Notice: We have a limited number of swag packages._

# How to join the Class of 2020

Replace `<YOUR-USERNAME>` with your GitHub username in this guide.

## 1. Create the folder _data/YOUR-USERNAME/ 
Fork this repository, create a new folder inside the `_data` folder, and name it with your username. It should look something like this `_data/<YOUR-USERNAME>/`. Ex.


```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/
```

## 2. Add your profile picture to the folder
Enter the folder you just created and add a profile picture of your choice. Accepted files are **png** and **jpg**, should be squared and minimum size 544x544 pixels. Be aware, this picture will be displayed on the yearbook! Ex.


```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/mona.png
```

## 3. Add your profile information
Create a markdown file in your folder following the convention `<YOUR-USERNAME>.md`. Ex.

```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/MonaTheOctocat.md
```
Use the next template to add your information to the yearbook:
```
---
name: Mona The Octocat # No longer than 18 characters
institution: Octocat University 🚩 # no longer than 58 characters
profile_pic: mona.png # Relative path to the image you uploaded
quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed" # no longer than 64 characters
github_user: MonaTheOctocat
---
```

_Do not insert special characters in the template above._

## 4. Form & Pull Request

Fill a [swag shipment form](https://airtable.com/shrmuHxu38ZariKJi) and submit your Pull Request. 

Go through the checklist on the pull request template to guarantee your submission is valid. The GitHub Education team will review your application, approve and merge your submission if everything is correct. Otherwise, you will get notified of the changes requested on the pull request comment section. 

# Graduation Day 🎓
Don't forget to watch the livestream! 

- 📆 Monday, June 15th 2020
- ⏰ 9:00 PDT | 21:30 IST
- 📍 GitHub Education Twitch Channel
- 📎 Add the [event](http://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&dates=20200615T160000Z%2F20200615T183000Z&text=%24%20git%20remote%20%3Cgraduation%3E%20%F0%9F%8E%93&location=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.twitch.tv%2Fgithubeducation&details=) to your calendar.
